CLID-54: Mirror to mirror workflow (#811)
openshift/oc-mirror: docs/enclave_support.md

```

The administrators of the OCP cluster in Enclave1 are now ready to install/upgrade that cluster.

## How to mirror to a partially disconnected cluster? (Mirror to mirror)

This workflow can be used when the environment from which oc-mirror is executed has access to both:
* the public internet, and specifically redhat registries where OCP releases and OCP operators are delivered
* the destination registry, to which the images are to be mirrored.

In order to use the Mirror to Mirror workflow, the user can execute:
```bash=
oc-mirror --v2 -c isc-m2m.yaml docker://enterprise-registry.in/
```

The images are copied from the source registry directly to the destination registry, without intermediate copies on the local machine. 

> **Important:** In order to use the cached metadata for filtering releases and operators, the user may add the `--with` command argument, as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important:** In order to use the oc-mirror workspace (working dir) for filtering releases and operators, the user may add the `--with` command argument, as follows:
```
